1. CLIPPING

    Holy moly, this made the project take 2x as long as it should have.

    1.1: clipping through corners, clipping on corners

    Problem:
        
        Earlier, all entities shared the same update function - including the player.
        while this works... fine for enemies, food and bombs, the player moves much faster
        and is smart enough (you, the player) to try to break the game via button mashing.

        The entity collision function checked for either x or y collision, and broke 
        when either was detected, so a player walking into a corner would be kind of 
        bounced into place by the two each frame.

        This sucked, so hard in fact that going OOB was as simple as holding the spacebar 
        while walking into a wall.

    Solution:
        Rewriting collisions 100x, checking flags 1000x, etc etc before finally caving 
        to the idea of splitting vertical and horizontal checks, and calling them in 
        the Player update function instead of using general entity update.

    The Problem with the Solution:
        Gliding, player could still clip if velocity_y was high enough 
        (I totally forgot to cap it until too late)

    The Solution for the Problem caused by the Solution:
        More flags, capping velocity_y

    The current state:
        Appears to be totally fixed and stable - I have yet to break it, will update this journal when I do

2. OPTIMIZATION

    Holy Moly x2, there are a lot of things going on here

    2.1 Visible Chunks
        Spent way too long figuring out how to make it so that only chunks on screen are rendered/updated/etc.

        These chunks are passed down to the update functions, which filters them further if needed

        frozen chunks/entities are revived as soon as they come within bounds

    2.2 Distance(squared)
        I came up with this idea on the toilet, I have been unable to prove its 
        effectiveness, but its too cool to not include

        The update function is heavy, even if there is no collision detected chunks are
        being passed through some of it, so I made it so that only chunks within a certain
        distance are checked, the function is defined at the top of the program. 

Note: I totally forgot to keep updating this while wrapping up the project
      if you have any questions about anything related to the program, feel free
      to send me an email at biel.daniel@outlook.com
